Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
  
CORPORATE EVENT BOOKING AGREEMENT 
This Private Event Booking Form (incorporating the Terms and Conditions) is dated 10/10/2024 (“Booking  Date”). Your booking will be provisional until: 
(a) you have signed a copy of this Agreement (by electronic signature) confirming that you wish to confirm the  booking and that you agree to the terms of this Agreement; 
(b) we have confirmed to you in writing that we accept your booking; 
(c) you have paid the Initial Deposit (as specified in the table below) using the secure payment link provided 
Client: 
	The Telegraph
	

	Sales Manager: 
	Giorgia Ventura
	Event Details 
	Event Title: 
	The Telegraph Lunch
	Date of Event: 
	10/10/2024
	Venue: 
	The Ivy Club 9 West St, Covent Garden London WC2H 9NE
	Space Booked: 
	The Loft
	Session 
	Lunch
	Segment 
	PDR
	Number of Guests: 
	24
	Hire Period: 
	12:00 PM to 5:00 PM
	Terms and Conditions 
	Minimum food and beverage  spend (excluding discretionary  service charge): 
	£2,000.00
	Room Hire: 
	£0
	



Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
Discretionary Service Charge: 
	15.00%
	First Deposit & Due Date:  
 
	£1,000 
	12/08/2024
	Second Deposit & Due Date: 
	£1,000 
	26/09/2024
	Special Agreement Details (if  any): 
	

	Additional T&Cs that apply at the  Venue: 
	Capacity - The Loft can seat 50 and the maximum standing capacity of the  private room is 100 
Host Arrival Time - Please note host arrival is 30 mins ahead of contracted slot  for lunch or dinner & 8:15 for breakfast. Should you wish to access the room at  7:45, an additional £500 early access fee will apply. 
Min Spend Clause - Please note that if you do not reach your minimum spend  the difference will be charged as room hire. Minimum spends are not  transferrable.  
Additional - Live music shall be limited unamplified piano.
	



Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
Terms & Conditions 
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
1.1    In these Terms and Conditions: 
1.1.1   Agreement means the Private Event Booking Form entered into between the Client and the Host, consisting  of these Terms and Conditions; 
1.1.2   Associated Companies means any and each of Caprice Ivy Covent Garden Ltd; Chelsea Grill Ltd; Harrys Bar  Restaurants Ltd; Caprice Basil Street Ltd; Troia (UK) Restaurants Ltd; Caprice Holdings Ltd, CM Covent Garden  Ltd or any other entity controlling, controlled by, or under common Control of the foregoing; 
1.1.3   Booking Date means the date of booking as set out in the Private Event Booking Form or recorded by the  Host; 
1.1.4  Business Days means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England; 1.1.5  Cancellation Fee means the applicable charge payable by the Client to the Host as set out in clause 11. 1.1.6  Client and you mean the hirer of the Venue as set out in the Private Event Booking Form; 1.1.7  Control has the meaning given in section 1124 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010; 
1.1.8  Data Protection Laws mean, as binding on either party, (a) the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU)  2016/679); (b) the Data Protection Act 2018; (c) any laws which implement any such laws; and (d) any laws that  replace, succeed, extend, re-enact, consolidate or amend any of the foregoing; 
1.1.9   Event Date means the date of the event relating to this Agreement, as set out in the Private Client Booking  Form; 
1.1.10  Event Manager means the individual designated by the Host to manage the Event as set out in the Private  Event Booking Form or as subsequently notified to the Client from time to time; 
1.1.11  Event means the event to be held at the Venue by the Client, as set out in the Private Event Booking Form; 
1.1.12  Second Deposit means the outstanding sum to be paid to the Host, as set out in the Private Event Booking  Form; 
1.1.13  Guests means any individuals, companies or organisations that have been invited or granted access to the  Event by the Client or a third party acting on behalf of the Client; 
1.1.14  Hire Period means the period of time booked for the Event (including any applicable access, set-up and  clear-up time) as set out and agreed in the Private Event Booking Form; 
1.1.15  Host means the legal entity responsible for the Venue as set out in the Private Event Booking Form; 1.1.16  Initial Deposit means the sum due on the Booking Date, as set out in the Private Event Booking Form;~ 
1.1.17  Minimum Spend means both the Initial Deposit and Final Deposit which together is the sum payable by  the Client to the Host in connection with the Event, as set out in the Private Event Booking Form or as varied in  accordance with the terms of this Agreement (including in accordance with clause 5.2) (and which shall exclude  any additional sums due pursuant to clause 4.2); 
1.1.18  Service Charge means the service charge set out in the Private Event Booking Form; 
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
1.1.19  Venue means the event space set out in the Private Event Booking Form to be hired by the Client; and 
1.1.20  Venue Rules means the applicable rules for each Venue as set out in the Additional T&Cs that apply at the  Venue section of the Private Events Booking Form. 
1.2     For the purposes of this Agreement: 
1.2.1   “include” or “including” means “including without limitation”; 
1.2.2   “party” or “parties” means either or both of the Client and Host (as applicable); and 
1.2.3   an obligation on a party not to do something includes an obligation not to permit or allow that thing to be  done. 
1.2.4   a reference to writing or written includes email: and 
1.2.5   any other terms or conditions that the Client seeks to impose or incorporate are excluded. Terms and  conditions of the Client are not valid unless the parties agree otherwise in writing. 
1.3   A reference to a statute or statutory provision is a reference to it as amended, extended or re-enacted from  time to time. A reference to a statute or statutory provision shall include all subordinate legislation made from  time to time under that statute or statutory provision. 
1.4   If there is any conflict or ambiguity between (a) the Private Event Booking Form; (b) the Venue Rules; and  (c) this Agreement, a term contained in a document higher in the list in this clause 1.4(a)-(c) shall have priority  over one contained in a document lower in the list. 
2.   USE OF THE VENUE 
2.1  In consideration of the payment of the Minimum Spend and the Client’s compliance with its obligations under  this Agreement (including any additional Venue Rules), the Host grants the client the right to access and use the  Venue for the Hire Period for the sole purpose of the Event. 
2.2   The right to use the Venue set out in clause 2.1 above shall be and remain conditional upon: 2.2.1  receipt by the Host of the completed and signed Private Event Booking Form; and 
2.2.2   receipt in full and cleared funds by the Host of all payments due by the Client under clause 3 within the  timeframes outlined. 
3.   PAYMENT TERMS 
3.1   If the Booking Date is 10 Business Days or more prior to the Event Date, the Client shall promptly pay the  Initial Deposit on the Booking Date and thereafter promptly pay the Final Deposit no later than 10 Business Days  prior to the Event Date (together with the total Minimum Spend). If the Client fails to pay the Final Deposit on its  due date the Host reserves its right to determine the Event as cancelled by the Client and charge the Client a  Cancellation Fee (as described in clause 11.1.2). 
3.2   If the Event Date is within less than 10 Business Days of the Booking Date, the Client shall promptly pay the  Host the total Minimum Spend on the Booking Date. If the Client fails to pay the Minimum Spend no less than 3  Business Days prior to the Event Date the Host reserves its right to determine the Event as cancelled and charge  the Client a Cancellation Fee (as described in clause 11.1.3). 
3.3   All payments or fees shall be made in GB Pounds Sterling (£) and may be made by credit or debit card. Value  
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
Added Tax (VAT) at the prevailing rate is included in all prices and shall be paid by the Client. 
3.4  Upon receipt of payment, the Client’s booking will be confirmed in writing by the Host and a questionnaire  sent to the Client to complete all Event details such as food and beverage choices and Event timings. If the Client  fails to complete the questionnaire in full within the given timeframe, the Host shall be entitled to select food and  beverage choices on behalf of the client and shall have no responsibility and incur no liability in respect of such  choice. Completed questionnaires must be returned to the Host no later than 3 weeks (15 working days) prior to  the Event Date. 
3.5   If, for any reason, the Client fails to pay the Minimum Spend or any other amount payable under this  Agreement by the date on which such payment is due, the Host, at its sole discretion, may cancel the Event in  addition to any other rights or remedies that it may have under this Agreement. The parties agree that the time  for payment of the Minimum Spend shall be of the essence in this Agreement. 
4    MINIMUM SPEND 
4.1   The Minimum Spend applies to your Event and includes all food and beverage as notified to you by your  Event Manager. The Minimum Spend does not include non-food or drink items, furniture or equipment hire  (where applicable) or Discretionary Service Charge. A discretionary service charge of 15.00% will be applied in  respect of the food and beverages ordered by you and your guests at the Event. You must pay it at or prior to the  end of the Event and before leaving the Venue. 
4.2  The Host shall charge additional fees to the Client if the Client exceeds the Minimum Spend for the Event and  the Client shall pay any additional fees due to the Host immediately on the Event Date. Additional fees include  (but are not limited to) the cost of food and beverage consumed over and above the Minimum Spend. Such  charges are calculated in line with published menu pricing. We do not allow for any post event payments to be  taken after the event. 
4.3 If the Total Charge exceeds the Initial Deposit and the Additional Deposit, you must pay the difference  between such amounts at or prior to the end of the Event and before leaving the Venue. If you fail to do so, we  may charge your credit card for the relevant amount. Unfortunately, we do not have the facility to create several  bills. 
4.4   The Host reserves the right to amend or vary the Minimum Spend if the nature of the Event materially  changes after the Booking Date (including if the number of Guests changes in accordance with clause 5 below). In  such instances where the Minimum Spend is varied or amended by the Host, the Client shall pay any additional  sums due to the Host in accordance with clause 3 (save for in the event that such instance occurs within 3  Business Days of the Event Date where the Client shall pay such additional sums no later than the Event Date). 
4.5 Any shortfall in the contracted minimum spend will be charged as room hire, and is non-refundable and  non-transferable to other bookings. 
5     GUEST NUMBERS 
5.1   The Client shall confirm in writing the total number of Guests to the Host no later than 3 Business Days prior  to the Event Date, with an estimation of the total number of Guests provided in writing no later than one week  prior to the Event Date. The Client shall use all its reasonable endeavours to guarantee that the confirmed  number of guests attend the Event.  
5.2  If the Client fails to confirm the total number of Guests in accordance with clause 5.1 above, the Client will be  
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
charged a Minimum Spend based on the number of guests stated in the most recent written correspondence with  the Host or the confirmed number of Guests set out in the Private Event Booking Form (whichever is higher).  Additional Guests will be accommodated where possible (at the Host’s absolute discretion) but shall not exceed  the Venue’s capacity, as notified to you by the Event Manager. 
6   MENUS & WINE LIST 
6.1   All menus are based on seasonal availability. The wine list is subject to price and vintage changes throughout  the year. A Discretionary Service Charge will be added to the Client’s bill. 
6.2   No food or beverages (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic) that is not provided by the Host (“External Items”)  may be brought into the Venue unless prior written consent from the Host has been obtained, for which an  additional charge may be incurred by the Client. It is the Client’s responsibility to inform the Venue’s Event  Manager of any storage or handling conditions required for the External Items when seeking permission. Where  the Host approves any External Items, the Client shall comply with the Host’s site policies (including those  policies relating to food safety) and the Client shall provide to the Host any applicable allergen or health and  safety information associated with the External Items. 
6.3   No later than 15 Business Days before the Event Date, the Client shall provide the Event Manager with the  desired timings for any meals held during the Event and no later than 3 Business Days before the Event Date, the  Client shall notify the Event Manager of its Guests’ allergies and/or dietary requirements. 
7    AV EQUIPMENT 
7.1 You may not use any external electronic equipment at the Event without the prior written permission of the  Venue’s Event Manager. If such permission is provided, you must ensure that the relevant equipment is PAT  certified (Portable Appliance Tested). 
7.2 Noise and other licensing restrictions may apply in respect of the Venue and may affect your Event. You  agree to comply with any instructions issued by the Venue in respect of such restrictions and to encourage your  guests to do the same. Any such restrictions which are known when the Venue provides you with a copy of this  Agreement are set out in the Booking Details Table. If licensing restrictions change between the date on which  you confirm your booking and the Event date and such changes will significantly affect the nature of your event,  we will inform you and allow you to cancel this Agreement without charge. If you choose to cancel the Agreement  in this situation, we will refund in full all amounts you have paid in respect of the Event. We will send the  applicable refund amount to your credit card or by BACS transfer within ten working days of the date on which  the Event is cancelled. 
8    DECORATIONS 
Decorations may not be brought to the Venue or used at your Event without the prior written permission of the  Venue’s Event Manager. Such permission (if given) may be subject to conditions (for example, with regards to  how decorations are installed, affixed and/or used). Decorations may also include flowers from third party  providers. 
9    EXTERNAL ITEMS, EXTERNAL DELIVERIES AND EXTERNAL SERVERS/PREPARERS 
9.1  The Client may not arrange any deliveries or collections to the Venue (“External Deliveries”) or use any  person(s) to provide services at the Venue (including preparing or serving any food or beverages at the Venue  and making use of the Host’s kitchen facilities) (“External Servers/ Preparers”) without the Host’s prior written  consent, for which an additional charge may be incurred by the Client. 
External Deliveries may only be accepted within 1 Business Day of the Event Date and all items must be clearly  labelled with your name and date of the Event and collection. The parties agree that the Host has no liability for  any loss or damage to External Deliveries or items left behind after the Event. The Venue does accept liability for  
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
loss/damage if said loss/damage is the fault of the Venue or its personnel – e.g. if the venue accepts a valuable  item and does not take reasonable steps to keep it secure. 
9.2    The Client irrevocably waives with effect from the Booking Date all and any rights whatsoever and  howsoever arising which it may now have or which it may have had at any time in the past or which it may have  at any time in the future to bring any claim whatsoever against the Host (including its affiliates) with respect to  External Items, External Deliveries and/or External Servers/Preparers. 
9.3     The Client (including its affiliates) fully indemnifies and holds harmless the Host (including its affiliates) at  all times from and against all claims, actions, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses (including  but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation and all interest,  penalties and legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis) and all other professional costs and expenses)  suffered or incurred by the Host (including its affiliates) arising out of or in connection with the External Items,  the External Deliveries and/or External Servers/ Preparers (including any breach of clauses 10.1 above and 10.4  below, any damage to the Host’s property (including any kitchen equipment) and any claims for death, personal  injury or damage). This indemnity shall apply whether or not the Host (including its affiliates) has been negligent  or at fault. 
9.4     Subject to the Host’s written consent in accordance with clause 9.1 above, the Client agrees that it (and its  affiliates, employees, contractors, agents and representatives) shall follow all rules, direction and instructions of  the Host and any affiliates employee, contractor, agent and representative of the Host whilst preparing or serving  any food or drink at the Venue (including whilst making any use of the Host’s kitchen facilitates. The Host may  immediately suspend the Client’s use of the Host’s kitchen facilities at any time. 
10    CANCELLATION 
Cancellation by the Client 
10.1     The Client shall notify the Host in writing if it wants to cancel the Event and any such cancellation shall be  subject to the following provisions and Cancellation Fees: 
10.1.1    if the notice of cancellation is received by the Host 30 Business Days or more before the Event Date, the  Host shall refund Client’s Initial Deposit less a Cancellation Fee of £500 to be retained by the Host; 
10.1.2     if (i) the notice of cancellation is received by the Host between 29 Business Days and 10 Business Days  (inclusive) prior to the Event Date, the Client shall forfeit its Initial Deposit to the Host as the Cancellation Fee;  and 
10.1.3     if the notice of cancellation is received by the Host less than 10 Business Days prior to the Event Date,  the Client shall forfeit as the Cancellation Fee the greater amount of (i) the total Minimum Spend; or (ii) the menu  price for the Event multiplied by the number of Guests confirmed to the Host in accordance with Clause 5 above. 
10.2    Any Cancellation Fee due to the Host in accordance with clause 10.1 above shall be paid immediately to the  Host and the Client acknowledges that the Host may deduct the applicable Cancellation Fee from any sums that  the Host has already received from the Client and/or that the Host may charge the applicable Cancellation Fee to  the debit or credit card details provided by the Client to the Host. 
10.3     The Host may cancel the Event and terminate this Agreement with immediate effect on written notice to  
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
the Client on or prior to the Event Date, and is entitled to charge a Cancellation Fee on the same terms as  described in Clause 10.1.3 above, if: 
10.3.1     the Client becomes insolvent enters into an arrangement with its creditors or enters into administration,  liquidation, bankruptcy or receivership or administrative receivership (or the Client’s financial position  otherwise deteriorates so far as to justify the opinion that its ability to give effect to the terms of the Agreement is  in jeopardy); 
10.3.2    the Client fails to pay the host any amount due under this Agreement or provide the Private Event  Booking Form when due; or 
10.3.3    the Client (including, where applicable, its contractors or Guests) materially breaches any term of this  Agreement (including any failure by the Client to pay any fees or charges when due); or 
10.3.4    the Client does not accurately describe the nature of the Event on the Booking Form the Venue reserves  the right to cancel/close down the Event without notice. 
11    CLIENT’S OBLIGATIONS 
11.1     The Client shall, and shall procure that all of its Guests shall: 
11.1.1    only use the Venue for the Event; 
11.1.2    comply with the terms of this Agreement and the Venue Rules (as relevant and applicable); 
11.1.3    access and use the Venue (being the specific event space) only and not enter into or use any other areas  of the Host’s premises without its express written consent; 
11.1.4    use the Venue in accordance with all applicable laws, enactments, orders, regulations and other similar  instruments and not do or permit to be done anything on the Venue which may be or become a nuisance,  annoyance, inconvenience or disturbance to the Host or to any other customers of the Host, or any owner or  occupier of the neighbouring property; 
11.1.5     vacate the Venue immediately upon the end time of the Hire Period; 
11.1.6    act with reasonable care and in an appropriate manner; 
11.1.7    not bring any animals into the Venue without the written consent of the Host, save for where specified in  the applicable Venue Rules or where the animal is an assistance dog within the meaning of the Equality Act  2010; 
11.1.8    not bring into the Venue or use or make available any illicit substances prior to or during the Event and  not smoke otherwise than in the permitted designated areas; 
11.1.9    not arrange or carry out any betting, gambling, sweepstake, raffle or another form of lottery without the written consent of the Host; 
11.1.10     not act in any way likely to invalidate or affect any insurance policy taken out in respect of the Event or  the Venue; 
11.1.11     not at any time publish or allow to be published (whether in connection with the Event or otherwise)  any comment or material likely to discredit or damage the reputation of the Venue, the Host or the Host’s  affiliates; 
11.1.12     leave the Venue in a clean and tidy condition and remove the Client’s decorations, displays and any 
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
other Client equipment from the Venue at the end of the Event. 
11.1.13    not bring any equipment, objects, fittings or structures into the Venue without the written consent of  the Host; 
11.1.14    act in full compliance with the Host’s instructions or notices (including its staff and the Event Manager)  and, if the Host, its staff or the Event Manager determine any behaviour of the Client or its Guests unacceptable or  inappropriate, comply with any requests that it or its Guests depart and/or do not attend the Event. Where this  clause 12.1.13 applies, the Host shall have no obligation to refund the Client or its Guests for any monies paid  under this Agreement or for any other loss or expense incurred; 
  
12.2    The Client agrees that: 
12.2.1     No relationship of a landlord and tenant is created between the Client and the Host by this agreement; 
12.2.2    if the Event (or entertainment in relation to the Event) is, or is likely to be, in any way obscene, sexist,  homophobic, racist, offensive, controversial or inflammatory or contrary to any of the Host’s policies then the  Host shall have the right to determine the Event as cancelled by the Client and charge a cancellation fee; 
12.2.3    it shall not use any External Servers/Preparers except in accordance with clause 12.1 above and the  Client shall be fully liable to the Host for the acts and omissions of any of its contractors, staff or personnel. The  Client shall ensure that all of its contractors, staff or personnel are under obligations no less onerous than its own  as set out in this Agreement; 
12.2.4    as notified to it by the Event Manager, the Host will provide the Client with tableware for the event at the  Venue. The Host, in its absolute discretion, may provide additional items as requested by the Client to the extent  reasonably practicable and at the additional cost incurred by the Client. Unless notified otherwise by the Event  Manager, the Client shall reimburse the Host for any such items that are removed from the Venue; 
12.2.5     last orders for all beverages at the Venue must be made by the Client no less than 30 minutes prior to  the end of the Hire Period; and 
12.2.6     the Host may reasonably substitute or re-arrange the provision of any of its staff (including the Event  Manager) prior to or at Event where it deems it reasonably necessary to do so (including in the event any  personnel suffers from illness or injury or is on leave). 
13     FILMING & PHOTOGRAPHY 
If applicable, the Client shall, and shall procure that all of its Guests shall, obtain prior authorisation from the  Host for any filming or photography at the Event at the Venue (including any imagery or logos related to the  Event, Venue, Host and/or its affiliates). The Client (including any of its Guests) must not publicise or advertise  this Event for any business, commercial or charitable purposes without the Host’s prior written consent as to the  nature, timing, content and choice of media channel. The Client undertakes and warrants that no third party  intellectual property rights will be infringed by any publication, filming, photography or advertisement in  relation to the Event. Should such rights be infringed the Client warrants that they will remove said  infringements. 
14     MINIMUM AGE 
The Client acknowledges and shall procure that no Guests under the age of 18 years old shall drink any alcoholic  beverages. The Host reserves the right to refuse access to the Venue to anyone that it reasonably believes is  under the age of 18 years old or unsuitably supervised. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
15     LIABILITY 
15.1     Nothing in this Agreement shall limit the liability of the Host to the Client for: 
15.1.1    death or personal injury caused by the Host’s negligence; 
15.1.2    fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or 
15.1.3    any liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law. 
15.2    Subject to clause 15.1, the Host will not be responsible or liable for: 
15.2.1    the death of, or injury to, the Client’s employees, contractors or any Guests or invitees to the Venue; 
15.2.2    any damage to, loss of or theft of any goods, articles or property of any kind brought into or left in the  Venue (or any part thereof) (whether belonging to the Client, the Client’s employees, contractors, guests or  invitees to the Venue or by any other person or whether left or deposited with any personnel or employee of the  Host); 
15.2.3    any indirect or consequential loss or other liability incurred by the Client either in the exercise of the  rights granted by this Agreement or following cancellation of the Event; or 
15.2.4    any loss of profits, loss of sales or business, loss of sales or business, loss of agreements or contracts, loss  of anticipated savings, loss of use or corruption of software, data or information and loss of or damage to  goodwill. 
15.3    All conditions and warranties, whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise are  excluded to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
15.4    Subject to clauses 15.1, 15.2 and 15.3 above, the Host’s total aggregate liability to the Client (whether  arising from negligence, breach of contract or otherwise) shall not exceed the total amount of the Minimum  Spend that has been received by the Host from the Client at such time as the liability first arises. 
16    HEALTH AND SAFETY 
Client shall, and shall procure that all Guests shall, comply in all respects with all health and safety laws and the  Host’s health and safety policies (as updated from time to time). The Host may, in its absolute discretion, request  the Client to complete a risk assessment in relation to the Event to assist it with determining that the Event is  safe for all Guests, contractors and staff at the Event. The Client agrees to comply with any of the Host’s  instructions related to or arising from the risk assessment. The Client shall comply, and shall procure that all its  Gusts and contractors comply, with any evacuation procedures and the fire safety documents notified to it and  shall ensure that all Guests are notified prior to the Event of all escape routes, fire extinguishers and exit doors.  The Client will ensure that any equipment or materials brought into the venue for the Event are safe and meet  recognised safety standards. 
17    INSURANCE AND DAMAGE  
17.1    The Client shall ensure that it has public liability insurance for such sum to cover the Event as the Host  deems reasonably appropriate and, in any event, not less than £5,000,000. 
17.2    The Client shall, and shall procure that its Guests, take good care of and do not cause any loss or damage to  the Venue, or to any fittings, equipment or other property on the Venue, and the Client shall make good and pay  in full for any such loss or damage caused by any act, omission or neglect of the Client, its Guests or anyone for  whom the Client is responsible. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
17.3    The Client shall indemnify the Host against any liability, losses, or damage or injury resulting from any act  or omission caused by any of its contractors, staff, personnel, agents or Guests or caused by any equipment or  property supplied by such persons. The Client will indemnify the Host against any claims, proceedings or  demands brought by a third party arising out of or in connection with the Event (except where such death or  personal injury is caused by the negligent act or omission of the Host, its employees, agents, or contractors). The  Host shall notify the Client promptly, but in any event within 14 Business Days, of any claim for which  indemnification may be due. The Host shall make no admissions or concessions regarding, or otherwise  compromise the Client’s ability to defend, any such claim, and shall take reasonable steps to mitigate damages.  The Client shall have the sole authority to control the defence of any claim for which indemnification is sought,  including without limitation, the right to select counsel. 
17.4    The Client’s total aggregate liability to the Host under this Agreement shall not exceed £5,000,000. This  limit reflects the insurance cover that the Client must arrange in accordance with clause 17.1 above. 
18    FORCE MAJEURE  
18.1    The Host shall not be liable to the Client by reason of any failure or delay in performing its obligations  under the Agreement which is due to Force Majeure. 
18.2    In the event of Force Majeure affecting the ability of the Host to provide the Venue for the purposes of the  Event (and the Host being unable to provide a reasonably acceptable alternative location at another venue  operated by the Host or third-party venue and the Client not unreasonably refusing an alternative venue), either  party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect on written notice. In such  circumstances, unless the Client elects in writing within 5 Business Days of notice of termination, in its absolute  discretion, to reschedule the Event to an alternative date as agreed with the Host (additional charges may apply  for rescheduling if agreed by the parties acting reasonably), the Host will refund to the Client all deposits and  other amounts paid by the Client to the Host (within 30 Business Days of receipt of notice of termination) less  any amounts which have been paid to third parties in respect of the Event and which are not refundable, subject  to the provision of valid receipts in that regard by the Host to the Client. 
18.3    For the purposes of this clause, “Force Majeure” means any event or occurrence which is outside the  reasonable control of the party concerned (including terrorist attack, by order of the public authority,  Government guidelines, sanctions or law, mechanical or electrical breakdown, emergency repairs, refurbishment  of the Venue, civil commotion or riots, war, imposition of sanctions, breaking off of diplomatic relations, acts of  God, flood, fire, or another natural disaster, extreme weather conditions, epidemic, pandemic, nuclear, chemical  or biological contamination, any labour or trade dispute, strikes, industrial action or lockouts, the collapse of  buildings, explosion or accident). 
19    CONFIDENTIALITY  
Each party undertakes that it shall not at any time disclose any person any confidential information concerning  the business, affairs, customers, clients or suppliers of the other party or any member of the group to which the  other party belongs, except as permitted by clause 19. For the purposes of this clause 19, group means, in  relation to a party, that party, any subsidiary or holding company from time to time of that party, and any  subsidiary from time to time of a holding company of that party. 
Each party may disclose the other party’s confidential information: 
To its employees, offices, representatives, subcontractors or advisors who need to know such information for the  purposes of carrying out the party’s obligations under the Contract. Each party shall ensure that its employees,  officers, representatives, subcontractors, or advisors to whom it discloses the other party’s confidential  information comply with this clause 19 and as may be required by law, a court of competent jurisdiction or any  governmental or regulatory authority. Neither party shall use any other party’s confidential information for any  purpose other than to perform its obligations under this Agreement. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
20    ANTI-BRIBERY, ANTI-CORRUPTION AND ANTI-SLAVERY  
In performing its obligations under this Agreement, each party shall comply with all applicable laws relating to: Anti-bribery and anti-corruption from time to time in force including the Bribery Act 2010; and Anti-slavery and human trafficking from time to time in force including the Modern Slavery Act 2015. 
21    DATA PROTECTION  
Each party shall, at its own expense, ensure that it complies with and reasonably assists the other party to  comply with all applicable Data Protection Laws. 
22    ASSIGNMENT AND OTHER DEALINGS  
The Client shall not assign, transfer, charge, sub-license, subcontract, declare a trust over or deal in any other  manner with any or all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the Host’s prior written  consent. 
The Host may at any time assign, transfer, charge, sub-license, subcontract, declare a trust over or deal in any  other manner with any or all of its rights under this Agreement. 
23    VARIATION 
No variation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by the parties (or their  authorised representatives). 
24    NOTICE 
Notices must only be given by email and shall be sent to the applicable addresses specified in the Private Event  Booking Form. Notices shall be deemed received: if sent by email at the time of transmission unless sent after  17.00 in the place of receipt in which case they shall be deemed to have been received on the next Business Day  in the place of receipt. 
25    SEVERANCE 
If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be  deemed deleted, but that shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement. 
26    WAIVER 
No delay or failure by the Host in exercising any of its rights or remedies under this Agreement shall operate as a  waiver and all its rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative, and may be waived only in writing  and specifically. 
27    ENTIRE AGREEMENT 
27.1    This Agreement: 
27.1.1    constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this  Agreement; and 
27.1.2    supersedes and extinguishes any prior draft, agreement, undertaking, understanding, promise or  
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC
condition, whether oral or written, express or implied between the parties relating to the subject matter. 
28    SURVIVAL 
28.1    On completion or cancellation of this Agreement: 
28.1.1    any provision of this Agreement that expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue in  force on or after completion or cancellation shall remain in full force and effect; and 28.1.2    completion or  cancellation of this Agreement shall not affect any of the rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties  that have accrued up to the date of completion or cancellation, including the right to claim damages in respect of  any breach of this Agreement which existed at or before the date of completion or cancellation. 
29    RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
Except as set out in this Agreement, a person who is not a party to this Agreement shall not have any rights under  or in connection with it under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise. The Client  acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement is for the benefit of the Associated Companies and that the  Associated Companies may enforce or enjoy the benefit of this Agreement. 
30    GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it (including any non-contractual  claims or disputes) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and  the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. 
Docusign Envelope ID: 5A5F02DD-B467-471C-AA7B-718ECF1AC0FC 
SIGNATURE 
Please note that we require a signature in the below signature box as well as your typed name and date. We are  unable to accept documents without all parts completed. 
Authorised Signatory 
Signature \s1\ 
Full Name: \n1\ 
Karen Eccles 
Date \d1\ 
15 August 2024 | 7:55 AM PDT 
Billing Contact Name \BooBillPayer1\ 
Karen Eccles 
Payment Link: https://buy.stripe.com/8wM01k63Y9f43VneQz 
Counter Signatory 
Signature \s2\ 
Date \d2\ 
16 August 2024 | 9:08 AM BST
We each agree to this Private Event Booking Form (incorporating the Terms and Conditions)