Annabelle Lee  
Chelsea Magazine Company  
The British Art Prize  
Thursday 27 November 2025  
at  
Gallery@Oxo  
Final Menu, Quote  
&  
Terms of Business  
  
www.bennettandfriends.co.uk 
sam@bennettandfriends.co.uk    
M: 07963 352406 
Canapé Menu  
~Vegetarian/Vegan~  
Classic Bruschetta ~ tomato, basil & olive oil (ve, df)  
Parmesan shortbread with pea & mint puree (v)  
~Meat~  
Ginger & lime chicken skewers (gf, df)  
Bite size sausages in honey & wholegrain mustard  
~Fish~  
Salmon & home pickled ginger on cucumber (gf, df)  
Smoked trout, horseradish & dill crostini  
Drinks Menu  
Prices are based on an average consumption of 3 glasses of Prosecco per person and  unlimited soft drinks  
NV Prosecco Spumante Brut, La Cavea  
Soft drinks: Lime & Mint Spritz and jugs of iced water  
Quote  
All prices quoted are ex-VAT which will be charged at the standard rate at the time of  invoicing.  
Our prices include:  
 Appropriate levels of kitchen and front of house staff  
 All glassware, slate or serving boards for canapés, and good quality canapé napkins   Cloths for bar tables with furniture supplied by the venue or client   Any cooking and food preparation equipment required on-site and delivery to venue   Removal of all catering waste, dirty glasses etc. 
Description PAX 75 Total ex  
VAT 
Canapés & drinks reception based on an average  consumption of 3 glasses of Prosecco per person and  unlimited soft drinks 
£41.50 £3,112.50  


Less 5% discount for loyal custom 
	£39.43 
	£2,956.88
	



 
2  
Terms & Conditions  
Please read carefully the following terms and conditions which, together with The Final Quote  and the payment of a deposit, form The Agreement between Us (Bennett & Friends) and You  (the Client).  
The Agreement sets out in detail what we expect to do for you and the financial arrangements  and, therefore, no booking will be considered confirmed until all parts of The Agreement have  been received by Us.  
1. Our Contract  
1.1 We agree to provide the services at your event as set out in The Final Quote.  1.2 You agree to pay the total cost as set out in The Final Quote in the following instalments:  
Deposit 10% of the total amount of the final  quote. 
First Instalment 50% of the rest of the total amount of  the final quote. 
This will secure the booking.  
This is due no later than one month  prior to the event. 


Balance  
Payment
	The outstanding balance plus any  variations agreed in writing.
	This is due 7 days prior to the event.
	



1.2.1 Any variations agreed between us in writing and not covered by clause 1.2 up to and  including the day of your event will be due immediately on receipt of invoice and payment must  be received no later than ten days after your event.  
1.3 In the event of any late payment we reserve the right to cancel our services for your event.  
1.4 Interest is payable on late payment at the rate of 3% above the NatWest Bank base rate as  shall be from time to time in force.  
2. Variations and the supply of additional goods and services  
2.1 Our services and the total cost are based on the number of guests, food, beverages and  other services as set out in The Final Quote.  
2.2 If you wish to amend The Final Quote we require that you inform us in writing no later than  two weeks before the date of the event. Whilst we will make every effort to accommodate  variations to the services after that point, we reserve the right to continue with the services as  agreed to in The Final Quote.  
  
2.3 We reserve the right to vary our prices from those given in The Final Quote in the event of  any increases as a result of changes in your requirements. We will advise you immediately we  are aware of any such changes.  
2.4 It may be the case that variations occur up on the day of your event. We will make every  effort to accommodate such variations. Where these variations are likely to incur additional  charges, the Event Manager assigned to your event will ask you to agree and sign a Schedule  of Additional Services and Charges. 
3  
2.5 Any variation charges that apply will form part of the post event reconciliation process that  may also include additional payments due in respect of damages, breakages or refunds/costs  for excess inventory. Settlement will be due immediately on receipt of invoice and payment must  be received no later than seven days after receipt of our invoice.  
3. Cancellation  
3.1 You may cancel our services at any time prior to the event. However, there will be charges  levied for cancellation.  
3.1.1 The deposit is non-refundable.  
  
3.1.2 The following cancellation charges will be payable depending on the number of days’  notice we are given of the cancellation:  
180 days prior to the event 0% 
90 days prior to the event 10% of the total cost 
60 days prior to the event 25% of the total cost 
30 days prior to the event 50% of the total cost 
10 days or less prior to the event 
	100% of the total cost
	



3.2 We may also apply cancellation charges and terminate our services if you fail to pay us by  the due dates set out in Clause 1.2.  
3.3 We may also apply cancellation charges and terminate our services if you become insolvent,  appoint a liquidator, receiver or administrator, or propose a voluntary agreement with your  creditors.  
3.4 We reserve the right to deduct any monies already paid to suppliers from any refund.  
4. Damage, conduct, and loss of property  
4.1 You are responsible for the conduct of your guests at the event, and you agree to indemnify  us from any claims arising from the conduct of any of your guests at the event.  
4.2 You are responsible for all breakages and damages to our equipment and that of our  suppliers attributable to the conduct of any of your guests at the event and you agree to pay on  demand the amount required to make good or remedy any such damage.  
4.3 We reserve the right to exclude or eject any person from the event who, in the reasonable  opinion of our Event Manager, is likely to cause nuisance to other guests or to our staff.  
5. Force Majeure and Liability  
5.1 If we are prevented or impeded from performing the services under this Agreement through  circumstances beyond our control then we will cancel our services for the event and refund you  any monies paid except the deposit and we will have no further liability to you.  
5.2 We do not accept any liability for loss or damage to any object, equipment, furniture, or other  item brought on to the location of the event by you or any member of your party.  
5.3 We do not accept any liability for over-consumption of food and beverage in circumstances  where we have provided sufficient food and beverage for the event under the Agreement. 
4  
5.4 We will not be liable for any indirect or consequential losses incurred by you, including but  not limited to the loss of revenue, business, contract, anticipated savings, profits or wasted  expenditure howsoever arising out of or in connection with the performance of our obligations  or any breach of the same under this agreement.  
5.5 Nothing in this Clause 5 affects our liability for personal injury or death arising as a result of  our negligence in the provision of our Services.  
6. Complaints  
6.1 If you should have any complaints about the provision of the services then you should inform  Sam Bennett or, if the complaint arises during the event, the Event Manager so that the problem  can be resolved immediately. If any problems cannot be resolved during your event, then you  should contact us within 14 days so that we can fully investigate the complaint and effect remedy,  if any.  
7. Jurisdiction  
7.1 These terms and conditions are governed by the law of England and Wales and are in the  exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.  
8. Whole Agreement  
8.1 These Terms and Conditions, The Final Quote, and any variations agreed between us  embody the entire understanding of the parties in respect of the matters contained or referred  to in it and there are no promises, terms, conditions or obligations oral or written express or  implied other than those contained in these documents. You irrevocably and unconditionally  waive any right you may have to claim damages or to rescind this agreement for any  misrepresentation whether or not contained in this agreement or for any breach of any warranty  not contained in the agreement unless the misrepresentation or warranty was made fraudulently.  
Signed on behalf of client:  
Signature: Date:  
Name:  
Signed for and on behalf of Bennett & Friends Caterers  
(Company number - 13749969)  
Signature: Date:  
Name:  
Position: 
5