From: Charlotte Allen 
To: Lisa Akinrele 
Cc: Annabelle Lee 
Bcc: Melonie.Philips@telegraph.co.uk 
Subject: Re: Oxo Gallery - Catering Contract 
Date: 01 October 2024 14:07:45 
Hi Annabelle 
Due to the value, Legal wont do a full mark-up of the terms, but I have added some key flags below, and some internal follow up questions for the catering company and for the business. Please see below: 
Key Flags: 
- Please ensure that you are happy with the quote and that everything is included, noting that the prices quoted are excluding VAT which will be added. 
- The total cost is due to be paid in instalments as set out in section 1.1 of the T&Cs, please ensure that you are happy with the timescales for payment and that Finance are ok with this as some funds are due on booking. 
- Could you clarify if they will be invoicing us for the three payments (if not Finance will need to approve). 
- If they are paid late, they can cancel their services, interest on late payment is 3% above the NatWest base rate. 
- Make sure you are happy with clause 2 which is about the process to make variations to the services. 
- The deposit is non-refundable and cancellation charges will apply if we cancel. See clause 3 for the details on cancellation and how much this would cost. - See clause 4 re: damage to the property and breakages etc.. Essentially we are fully responsible for the guests and have to indemnify the catering company for any claims that arise from the conduct of guests, and are fully liable for any damage. They can exclude guests they consider a nuisance. 
- They don't accept liability for any over-consumption of food/drink, so if guests drink too much and cause damage then the cost of any damage rests with us. 
- They cant exclude liability for any personal injury/death that arises from their negligence, so if any of the guests are ill from the food and incur medical spend we would seek to pass these costs back to the caterers. However, it would be good to understand if they subcontract any of their services and what terms they have in place with any subcontractors if so. 
Points to understand from the catering company 
1. Will they be invoicing for the 3 payments. 
2. Do they subcontract any of the catering services, and if so what terms do they have in place with any subcontractors and do they take responsibility for them. 
Points to check internally 
1. Check with procurement if we need to notify the insurers of this event that we are hosting to ensure that it is covered under our insurance. Some policies require you to notify the event in advance. 
2. Check with Finance that they are ok to pay some funds due on booking (and potentially without a valid VAT invoice depending on what the catering company says). 
Otherwise this is fine. Any further q's let me know. 
Thank you 
Charlotte
On Tue, 1 Oct 2024 at 11:08, Lisa Akinrele <lisa.akinrele@telegraph.co.uk> wrote: Hi Annabelle 
One of us will look at this before the end of the week and let you know if there are any red flags in the terms. 
Thanks 
Lisa 
On Tue, 1 Oct 2024 at 09:38, 'Annabelle Lee' via GroupLegal 
<grouplegal@telegraph.co.uk> wrote: 
Hi 
Sorry to chase but just wanted to follow up on the below. 
Many thanks 
Annabelle 
Annabelle Lee 
Publishing Executive 
  

111 Buckingham Palace Road, London SW1W 0DT 
www.chelseamagazines.com 
Part of   
On Fri, 27 Sept 2024 at 14:40, Annabelle Lee 
<annabelle.lee@chelseamagazines.com> wrote: 
Hi 
We're hosting an art exhibition at gallery@oxo in December and will be having a private view that requires catering. 
We used the catering company last year but thought I would attach the contact here just to double check before I sign and send it back. 
Many thanks 
Annabelle 
Annabelle Lee 
Publishing Executive
111 Buckingham Palace Road, London SW1W 0DT www.chelseamagazines.com 
Part of   
--  
Lisa Akinrele 
Head of Corporate Legal 
+44 (0) 7592588668 
  

111 Buckingham Palace Road, London, SW1W 0DT 
telegraph.co.uk